Add a doc section comparing different assembly strategies (#1063)
Ferrite-FEM/Ferrite.jl: docs/src/topics/assembly.md

```

Now the problem with this strategy becomes a bit more obvious.
 - In line 1 there is first an allocation of a new matrix (`tmp1`) followed by indexing into
   `K` to copy elements from `K` to `tmp1`. Both of these operations are rather costly:
   allocations should always be minimized in tight loops, and indexing into a sparse matrix
   is non-trivial due to the data structure. In addition, since `dofs` vector contains the
   global indices (which are not sorted nor consecutive) we have random access patterns.
 - In line 2 there is another allocation of a matrix (`tmp2`) for the result of the addition
   of `tmp1` and `Ke`.
 - In line 3 we again need to index into the sparse matrix to copy over the elements from
   `tmp2` to `K`. This essentially duplicates the indexing effort from line 1 since we
   lookup the same locations in `K` again.

#### Strategy 2: scalar indexing

A variant of the first strategy is to explicitly loop over the indices and add add the
elements individually as scalars:

```@example assembly-perf
function assemble_v2(_, K, dofs, Ke)
    for (i, I) in pairs(dofs)
        for (j, J) in pairs(dofs)
            K[I, J] += Ke[i, j]
        end

>     end

Author: Based on the timings this is a perfectly good way to assemble so it could be used in the very first tutorial if one doesn't want to introduce the assembler already there (as suggested by Chris during FerriteCon).

Reviewer: Maybe we should also link to this topic section in the first tutorial?

    # ...
end
```

## Comparison of assembly strategies

As discussed above there are various ways to assemble the local matrix into the global one.
In particular, it was mentioned that naive indexing is very inefficient and that using an
assembler is faster. To put some concrete numbers to these statements we will compare some
strategies in this section. First we compare just a single assembly operation (e.g.
assembling an already computed local matrix) and then to relate this to a more realistic
scenario we compare the full matrix assembly including the integration of all the elements.

!!! note "Pre-allocated global matrix"
    All strategies that we compare below uses a pre-allocated global matrix `K` with the
    correct sparsity pattern. Starting with something like
    `K = spzeros(ndofs(dh), ndofs(dh))` and then inserting entries is excruciatingly slow
    due to the sparse data structure so this method is not even considered.

For the comparison we need a representative global matrix to assemble into. In the following

> setup code we create grid with triangles and a DofHandler with a quadratic scalar field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
setup code we create a grid with triangles and a DofHandler with a quadratic scalar field.
```

From this we instantiate the global matrix.

```@example assembly-perf
using Ferrite

# Quadratic scalar interpolation
ip = Lagrange{RefTriangle, 2}()

# DofHandler
const N = 100
grid = generate_grid(Triangle, (N, N))
const dh = DofHandler(grid)
add!(dh, :u, ip)
close!(dh)

# Global matrix and a corresponding assembler
const K = allocate_matrix(dh)
nothing # hide
```

#### Strategy 1: matrix indexing

The first strategy is to index directly, using the vector of global dofs, into the global
matrix:

```@example assembly-perf
function assemble_v1(_, K, dofs, Ke)
    K[dofs, dofs] += Ke
    return
end
nothing # hide
```

> This looks very simple but it is very inefficient (as the numbers will show later). To

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This looks very simple, but it is very inefficient (as the numbers will show later). To
```

understand why the operation `K[dofs, dofs] += Ke` (with `K` being a sparse matrix) is so
slow we can dig into the details.

In Julia there is no "`+=`"-operation and so `x += y` is identical to `x = x + y`.
Translating this to our example we have

```julia
K[dofs, dofs] = K[dofs, dofs] + Ke
```

We can break down this a bit further into these equivalent three steps:

```julia
tmp1 = K[dofs, dofs]   # 1
tmp2 = tmp1 + Ke       # 2
K[dofs, dofs] = tmp2   # 3
```

Now the problem with this strategy becomes a bit more obvious:
 - In line 1 there is first an allocation of a new matrix (`tmp1`) followed by indexing into
   `K` to copy elements from `K` to `tmp1`. Both of these operations are rather costly:
   allocations should always be minimized in tight loops, and indexing into a sparse matrix
   is non-trivial due to the data structure. In addition, since the `dofs` vector contains

>    the global indices (which are not sorted nor consecutive) we have a random access

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   the global indices (which are neither sorted nor consecutive) we have a random access
```

    In theory this should be as efficient as the explicit loop presented in the next
    section.

#### Strategy 2: scalar indexing

A variant of the first strategy is to explicitly loop over the indices and add the elements
individually as scalars:

```@example assembly-perf
function assemble_v2(_, K, dofs, Ke)
    for (i, I) in pairs(dofs)
        for (j, J) in pairs(dofs)
            K[I, J] += Ke[i, j]
        end
    end
    return
end
nothing # hide
```

The core operation, `K[I, J] += Ke[i, j]`, can still be broken down into three equivalent
steps:

```julia
tmp1 = K[I, J]
tmp2 = tmp1 + Ke[i, j]
K[I, J] = tmp2
```

The key difference here is that we index using integers (`I`, `J`, `i`, and `j`) which means
that `tmp1` and `tmp2` are scalars which don't need to be allocated on the heap. This
stragety thus eliminates all allocations that were present in the first strategy. However,
we still lookup the same location in `K` twice, and we still have a random access pattern.

#### Strategy 3: scalar indexing with single lookup

To improve on the second strategy we will get rid of the double lookup into the sparse

> matrix `K`. While Julia doesn't have a "`+=`"-operation there is a `addindex!`-function in
> Ferrite which does exactly what we want: it adds a value to a specific location in a sparse

Reviewer 2: Just to be clear that this is internal? 
```suggestion
matrix `K`. While Julia doesn't have a "`+=`"-operation, Ferrite has an internal `addindex!`-function which does exactly what we want: it adds a value to a specific location in a sparse
```

called. After sorting it is possible to loop over the sparse matrix data structure and
insert all elements of `Ke` in one go instead of having to lookup locations randomly.

### Single element assembly

First we will compare the four functions above for a single assembly operation, i.e.
inserting one local matrix into the global matrix. For this we simply create a random local
matrix since we are not conserned with the actual values. We also pick the "middle" element
and extract the dofs for that element. Finally, an assembler is created with
`start_assemble` to use with the fourth strategy.

```@example assembly-perf
dofs_per_cell = ndofs_per_cell(dh)
const Ke = rand(dofs_per_cell, dofs_per_cell)
const dofs = celldofs(dh, N * N ÷ 2)

const assembler = start_assemble(K)
nothing # hide
```

We use BenchmarkTools to measure the performance:

```@example assembly-perf
assemble_v1(assembler, K, dofs, Ke) # hide
assemble_v2(assembler, K, dofs, Ke) # hide
assemble_v3(assembler, K, dofs, Ke) # hide
assemble_v4(assembler, K, dofs, Ke) # hide
nothing                             # hide
```

```julia
using BenchmarkTools

> @btime assemble_v1(assembler, K, dofs, Ke) evals = 10 setup = Ferrite.fillzero!(K)

Reviewer 2: Any reason why the regular `fill!` cannot be used? If so, a small remark should probably be made? 
```suggestion
@btime assemble_v1(assembler, K, dofs, Ke) evals = 10 setup = fill!(K, 0)
```
